The Bible describes God
as the “Hearer of prayer.”
He can even hear your silent prayers.
How is that possible?
The Hearer of prayer
is also the Creator of all life.
He understands how the human mind works.
He designed it.
So he can read the thoughts of your mind
and hear your silent prayers.
Jehovah God is interested in you
no matter where you live.
Whatever language you speak,
he understands it.
But does he accept
and listen to all  prayers?
Imagine a manager
who sees an employee stealing.
The manager confronts him,
but the employee first lies
about his stealing
and then tries to justify his actions.
Although the manager hears
the employee’s lies and excuses,
he refuses to accept them.
Similarly, God does not accept all prayers.
For example,
what if a person’s prayer is selfish?
What if a man mistreats his wife at home,
and the next day he asks for God’s blessings?
What if soldiers pray to God for help
to destroy their enemy,
while the opposing army
prays for the same thing?
Will God accept such prayers?
Clearly, God is not pleased with prayers
that conflict with his moral principles.
On the other hand,
God eagerly accepts your prayers,
even if you have done bad things,
if you sincerely want to draw close to him
and seek his wisdom and forgiveness.
Being heard by God is indeed possible
for those who strive to please him.
Does God really hear your prayers?
What can prayers do for you?
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.